README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="images/export/header.gif">
</p>

<p align="center">This is <strong>my local configuration</strong><br>for working on web stuff on a Mac.</p>

## ⚙️ Prerequisites
- [**Brew**](https://brew.sh)
- [**Prezto**](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto)

## ⌨️ Commands
```makefile
# List available commands

make
```

## 🔧 Software manual configuration

![](images/export/font-book.gif)

The mono typeface I use for both Sublime Text and iTerm is [**Roboto Mono**](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Roboto+Mono).

![](images/export/sublime-text.gif)

Install [**Package Control**](https://packagecontrol.io/installation)

![](images/export/iterm.gif)

#### Appearance > General
- Theme: Dark (High Contrast)
- Tab bar location: Top
- Status bar location: Bottom

#### Appearance > Windows
Uncheck all

#### Appearance > Dimming
- ☑️ Dim inactive split panes
- ☑️ Dimming affects only text, not background.

#### Profiles > Default > General
Working Directory: Reuse previous session’s directory

#### Profiles > Default > Text
Font: Roboto Mono, Regular, 18

#### Profiles > Default > Window
Settings for New Windows: Columns: 120, Rows: 36

#### Profiles > Default > Session
☑️ Status bar enabled

#### Profiles > Default > Session > Status bar enabled > Configure Status Bar > Advanced…
- Set all Colors to `000000`
- Font: Roboto Mono, Regular, 14
- ☑️ Prefer tight packing to stable positioning

#### Profiles > Default > Session > Status bar enabled > Configure Status Bar
1. Drag and drop desired Components in Active Components dropzone
2. Activate 🌈 Auto-Rainbow

![](images/export/firefox.gif)

1. Disable HTTP Cache when toolbox is open
2. Set Firefox as default browser
3. Set Desktop as destination folder in *Downloads*

![](images/export/google-chrome.gif)

1. Disable Chrome cache while DevTools is open
2. Set Desktop as destination folder in *Downloads*

![](images/export/sketch.gif)

1. Install [**Runner**](https://sketchrunner.com) plugin
2. Install the following plugins using Runner:
  - [**Find and Replace**](https://github.com/thierryc/Sketch-Find-And-Replace)
  - [**Fontily**](https://github.com/partyka1/Fontily)
  - [**Replace Colour**](https://github.com/lewishowles/sketch-replace-colour)
  - [**Style Inventory**](https://github.com/getflourish/Sketch-Style-Inventory)
  - [**Symbol Organizer**](https://github.com/sonburn/symbol-organizer)
  - [**Unused Style Remover**](https://github.com/sonburn/unused-style-remover)

![](images/export/adobe-creative-cloud.gif)

1. Install these apps:
  - **Photoshop**
  - **Illustrator**
  - **InDesign**
  - **Acrobat**
2. Install Photoshop [**GuideGuide**](https://guideguide.me/documentation/) extension
3. Install [Photoshop additional scripts](adobe-creative-cloud/photoshop)
4. Install [InDesign additional scripts](adobe-creative-cloud/indesign)

![](images/export/mail.gif)

Set a [mail signature](https://github.com/wearemd/wearemd_mail_signatures) for each account

Commit message:

💬 I’ve changed the font I use for coding (Roboto Mono > JetBrains Mono)

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="images/export/header.gif">
</p>

<p align="center">This is <strong>my local configuration</strong><br>for working on web stuff on a Mac.</p>

## ⚙️ Prerequisites
- [**Brew**](https://brew.sh)
- [**Prezto**](https://github.com/sorin-ionescu/prezto)

## ⌨️ Commands
```makefile
# List available commands

make
```

## 🔧 Software manual configuration

![](images/export/font-book.gif)

The mono typeface I use for both Sublime Text and iTerm is [**JetBrains Mono**](https://www.jetbrains.com/lp/mono/).

![](images/export/sublime-text.gif)

Install [**Package Control**](https://packagecontrol.io/installation)

![](images/export/iterm.gif)

#### Appearance > General
- Theme: Dark (High Contrast)
- Tab bar location: Top
- Status bar location: Bottom

#### Appearance > Windows
Uncheck all

#### Appearance > Dimming
- ☑️ Dim inactive split panes
- ☑️ Dimming affects only text, not background.

#### Profiles > Default > General
Working Directory: Reuse previous session’s directory

#### Profiles > Default > Text
Font: JetBrains Mono, Regular, 18

#### Profiles > Default > Window
Settings for New Windows: Columns: 120, Rows: 36

#### Profiles > Default > Session
☑️ Status bar enabled

#### Profiles > Default > Session > Status bar enabled > Configure Status Bar > Advanced…
- Set all Colors to `000000`
- Font: JetBrains Mono, Regular, 14
- ☑️ Prefer tight packing to stable positioning

#### Profiles > Default > Session > Status bar enabled > Configure Status Bar
1. Drag and drop desired Components in Active Components dropzone
2. Activate 🌈 Auto-Rainbow

![](images/export/firefox.gif)

1. Disable HTTP Cache when toolbox is open
2. Set Firefox as default browser
3. Set Desktop as destination folder in *Downloads*

![](images/export/google-chrome.gif)

1. Disable Chrome cache while DevTools is open
2. Set Desktop as destination folder in *Downloads*

![](images/export/sketch.gif)

1. Install [**Runner**](https://sketchrunner.com) plugin
2. Install the following plugins using Runner:
  - [**Find and Replace**](https://github.com/thierryc/Sketch-Find-And-Replace)
  - [**Fontily**](https://github.com/partyka1/Fontily)
  - [**Replace Colour**](https://github.com/lewishowles/sketch-replace-colour)
  - [**Style Inventory**](https://github.com/getflourish/Sketch-Style-Inventory)
  - [**Symbol Organizer**](https://github.com/sonburn/symbol-organizer)
  - [**Unused Style Remover**](https://github.com/sonburn/unused-style-remover)

![](images/export/adobe-creative-cloud.gif)

1. Install these apps:
  - **Photoshop**
  - **Illustrator**
  - **InDesign**
  - **Acrobat**
2. Install Photoshop [**GuideGuide**](https://guideguide.me/documentation/) extension
3. Install [Photoshop additional scripts](adobe-creative-cloud/photoshop)
4. Install [InDesign additional scripts](adobe-creative-cloud/indesign)

![](images/export/mail.gif)

Set a [mail signature](https://github.com/wearemd/wearemd_mail_signatures) for each account
